README.md, before:

<!--

# Beyond Earth: Eclipse

A mod for Sid Meier's Civilization: Beyond Earth to give it more flavour.

-->

## To do

- [x] Overwrite all leader tech/wonder audio
- [x] Remove hybrid affinities from all techs; hybrid affinity should be a choice, not an accident
- [x] Adjust all leader traits to have stronger personalities
- [ ] Add new leader intro text for all leaders to reflect darker theme
  - [x] Modify all leader intro text
  - [ ] Modify `IntroductionQuote` for all leaders to use any available intro text? Instead of just for that leader
- [ ] Find a way to bring text from victory dialogue to the front; it's interesting
- [ ] Add new leader intro text for all leaders to reflect darker theme

<!--

## Installation

TODO

## Features

TODO

#### Tech and wonder quotes are now spoken by sponsors

All tech and wonder quotes from sponsors have had their audio overridden so that they're now spoken by the respective sponsor instead of the same narrator that narrates most of the rest of the game in order to add more variety to the spoken dialogue.

#### Stronger leader personalities

Leaders have been adjusted to have more distinct personalities:

- Stronger preference for a particular affinity
- More extreme values for leader traits (bold, loyal, guarded, deceptive, friendly, etc.)
- A strong focus on one or two aspects for each leader (growth, production, trade, espionage, military, culture, etc.)

#### Tech tree affinities have been reverted to base game values

Rising Tide added affinity values to techs that previously didn't have any (like many branch techs) and also added multiple affinities to many techs. This was possibly to ensure players were more likely to interact with hybrid affinities in the game, but it made acquiring any particular affinity less intentional.

These changes have been reverted in this mod, so that acquiring any particular affinity once again is an intentional choice the player can make rather something they fall into as a result of progressing through the tech web.

## Usage

TODO

## Manual installation

TODO

-->

Commit message:

fix: Fix random leader intro quotes
For whatever reason, changing the IntroductionQuote property for each leader wasn't correctly being applied; the intro text was still being fetched from the database as if it hadn't been changed. The new approach is to add each intro text per leader. It's a lot more work but it seems to work, and doesn't require changing the Civilizations table.

Also update the readme to reflect the new changes

README.md, after:

<!--

# Beyond Earth: Eclipse

A mod for Sid Meier's Civilization: Beyond Earth to give it more flavour.

📌 [See my other Civ projects here](https://github.com/search?q=user%3Abmaupin+topic%3Acivilization&type=Repositories)

-->

## To do

- [x] Overwrite all leader tech/wonder audio
- [x] Remove hybrid affinities from all techs; hybrid affinity should be a choice, not an accident
- [x] Adjust all leader traits to have stronger personalities
- [ ] Add new leader intro text for all leaders to reflect darker theme
  - [x] Modify all leader intro text
  - [x] Modify `IntroductionQuote` for all leaders to use any available intro text? Instead of just for that leader
- [ ] Find a way to bring text from victory dialogue to the front; it's interesting
- [ ] Disable other affinity technologies as we advance in one affinity?
- [ ] Base game audio with Rising Tide and vice versa?
- [ ] Test with base game

<!--

## Installation

TODO

## Features

### Leaders

#### Tech and wonder quotes are now spoken by sponsors

All tech and wonder quotes from sponsors have had their audio overridden so that they're now spoken by the respective sponsor instead of the same narrator that narrates most of the rest of the game in order to add more variety to the spoken dialogue.

ⓘ This was inspired by Alpha Centauri, in which quotes are spoken by the various faction leaders in the game and not by the narrator.

#### Stronger leader personalities

Leaders have been adjusted to have more distinct personalities:

- Stronger preference for a particular affinity
- More extreme values for leader traits (bold, loyal, guarded, deceptive, friendly, etc.)
- A strong focus on one or two aspects for each leader (growth, production, trade, espionage, military, culture, etc.)

ⓘ This was also inspired by Alpha Centauri. Instead of blank-slate faction leaders, each leader has a strong personality. Rather than making the game boring and predictable, Alpha Centauri was lauded for its memorable and interesting factions.

#### New intro text for all leaders

Leaders have been given new intro text to align with the personality changes as well as fit the new story premise of the mod.

In addition, the intro text for any leader may show when the game is started, not just the currently selected leader. This helps increase world building, especially in the case for players who typically only play as certain factions.

### Affinities

#### Tech tree affinities have been reverted to base game values

Rising Tide added affinity values to techs that previously didn't have any (like many branch techs) and also added multiple affinities to many techs. This was possibly to ensure players were more likely to interact with hybrid affinities in the game, but it made acquiring any particular affinity less intentional.

These changes have been reverted in this mod, so that acquiring any particular affinity once again is an intentional choice the player can make rather something they fall into as a result of progressing through the tech web.

## Usage

TODO

## Manual installation

TODO

-->
