docs/notes/generate-leader-audio.md, before:

## Generate leader audio

#### Steps

1. Go to leader audio

   - /Sid Meier's Civilization Beyond Earth/steamassets/assets/sounds/speech/shared/
   - /Sid Meier's Civilization Beyond Earth/steamassets/assets/dlc/expansion1/sounds/speech/shared/

1. For any particular leader, listen to all of the audio and pick files that are in English (since that's the language the quotes are in)

   ```
   for filename in *.mp3; do echo $filename; mpv $filename; done
   ```

1. Join the files using ffmpeg, e.g.

   ```
   ffmpeg -i "concat:fieldingattacked.mp3|fieldinghatehello.mp3|fieldinghateletshearit01.mp3|fieldinghateletshearit02.mp3|fieldinghateletshearit03.mp3|fieldinghateno01.mp3|fieldinghateno02.mp3|fieldinghateno03.mp3|fieldinghateyes01.mp3|fieldingintro.mp3|fieldinglosewar.mp3|fieldingneutralhellob.mp3|fieldingneutralletshearit01.mp3|fieldingneutralletshearit02.mp3|fieldingneutralletshearit03.mp3|fieldingneutralno01.mp3|fieldingneutralno02.mp3|fieldingneutralyes01.mp3|fieldingneutralyes02.mp3|fieldingneutralyes03.mp3|fieldingrequest.mp3" -acodec copy fielding.mp3
   ```

1. Generate new audio

1. Encode using ffmpeg, e.g.

   ```
   ffmpeg -i ~/Desktop/Your\ most\ valuable\ human\ 1.wav -codec:a libmp3lame -b:a 128k -ac 1 src/sounds/speech/english/wonders/markoveclipse.mp3
   ```

#### Arshia

TODO: no English audio

#### Barre (People's African Union)

```
ffmpeg -i "concat:barreattacked.mp3|barredeclarewar.mp3|barredefeated.mp3|barrehatehello.mp3|barrehateletshearit01.mp3|barrehateletshearit02.mp3|barrehateletshearit03.mp3|barrehateno02.mp3|barrehateno03.mp3|barrehateyes01.mp3|barrehateyes02.mp3|barrehateyes03.mp3|barreneutralletshearit03.mp3|barreneutralno02.mp3|barreneutralno03.mp3|barreneutralyes03.mp3|barrepeaceful.mp3|barrerequest.mp3" -acodec copy barre.mp3
```

#### Élodie

TODO: not enough English audio?

- elodiehateletshearit01.mp3
- elodieneutralno01.mp3

#### Fielding (ARC)

```
ffmpeg -i "concat:fieldingattacked.mp3|fieldinghatehello.mp3|fieldinghateletshearit01.mp3|fieldinghateletshearit02.mp3|fieldinghateletshearit03.mp3|fieldinghateno01.mp3|fieldinghateno02.mp3|fieldinghateno03.mp3|fieldinghateyes01.mp3|fieldingintro.mp3|fieldinglosewar.mp3|fieldingneutralhellob.mp3|fieldingneutralletshearit01.mp3|fieldingneutralletshearit02.mp3|fieldingneutralletshearit03.mp3|fieldingneutralno01.mp3|fieldingneutralno02.mp3|fieldingneutralyes01.mp3|fieldingneutralyes02.mp3|fieldingneutralyes03.mp3|fieldingrequest.mp3" -acodec copy fielding.mp3
```

#### Hughes

```
ffmpeg -i "concat:hughesattacked.mp3|hughesdeclarewar.mp3|hughesdefeated.mp3|hugheshatehello.mp3|hugheshateletshearit01.mp3|hugheshateletshearit02.mp3|hugheshateletshearit03.mp3|hugheshateno01.mp3|hugheshateno02.mp3|hugheshateno03.mp3|hugheshateyes01.mp3|hugheshateyes02.mp3|hugheshateyes03.mp3|hughesintro.mp3|hughesneutralhello.mp3|hughesneutralletshearit01.mp3|hughesneutralletshearit02.mp3|hughesneutralletshearit03.mp3|hughesneutralno01.mp3|hughesneutralno02.mp3|hughesneutralno03.mp3|hughesneutralyes01.mp3|hughesneutralyes02.mp3|hughesneutralyes03.mp3|hughespeaceful.mp3|hughesrequest.mp3" -acodec copy hughes.mp3
```

#### Hutama

```
ffmpeg -i "concat:hutamaattacked.mp3|hutamadeclarewar.mp3|hutamadefeated.mp3|hutamahateletshearit01.mp3|hutamahateletshearit02.mp3|hutamahateletshearit03.mp3|hutamahateno01.mp3|hutamahateno02.mp3|hutamahateno03.mp3|hutamahateyes01.mp3|hutamahateyes02.mp3|hutamahateyes03.mp3|hutamaneutralhello.mp3|hutamaneutralletshearit01.mp3|hutamaneutralletshearit02.mp3|hutamaneutralletshearit03.mp3|hutamaneutralno01.mp3|hutamaneutralno02.mp3|hutamaneutralno03.mp3|hutamaneutralyes01.mp3|hutamaneutralyes03.mp3|hutamapeaceful.mp3|hutamarequest.mp3" -acodec copy hutama.mp3
```

#### Kavitha

```
ffmpeg -i "concat:kavithaattacked.mp3|kavithadeclarewar.mp3|kavithadefeated.mp3|kavithahatehello.mp3|kavithahateletshearit01.mp3|kavithahateno02.mp3|kavithahateno03.mp3|kavithahateyes01.mp3|kavithahateyes02.mp3|kavithahateyes03.mp3|kavithaintro.mp3|kavithaneutralletshearit01.mp3|kavithaneutralletshearit02.mp3|kavithaneutralno02.mp3|kavithaneutralno03.mp3|kavithaneutralyes01.mp3|kavithaneutralyes02.mp3|kavithapeaceful.mp3" -acodec copy kavitha.mp3
```

#### Koslov

TODO: no English audio

#### Lena

TODO: no English audio

#### Moon

TODO: no English audio

#### Rejinaldo

TODO: no English audio

#### Sochua

TODO: no English audio

Commit message:

docs: Use same exact filename as game
... for the audio files so that they'll be properly overridden

docs/notes/generate-leader-audio.md, after:

## Generate leader audio

#### Steps

1. Go to leader audio

   - /Sid Meier's Civilization Beyond Earth/steamassets/assets/sounds/speech/shared/
   - /Sid Meier's Civilization Beyond Earth/steamassets/assets/dlc/expansion1/sounds/speech/shared/

1. For any particular leader, listen to all of the audio and pick files that are in English (since that's the language the quotes are in)

   ```
   for filename in *.mp3; do echo $filename; mpv $filename; done
   ```

1. Join the files using ffmpeg, e.g.

   ```
   ffmpeg -i "concat:fieldingattacked.mp3|fieldinghatehello.mp3|fieldinghateletshearit01.mp3|fieldinghateletshearit02.mp3|fieldinghateletshearit03.mp3|fieldinghateno01.mp3|fieldinghateno02.mp3|fieldinghateno03.mp3|fieldinghateyes01.mp3|fieldingintro.mp3|fieldinglosewar.mp3|fieldingneutralhellob.mp3|fieldingneutralletshearit01.mp3|fieldingneutralletshearit02.mp3|fieldingneutralletshearit03.mp3|fieldingneutralno01.mp3|fieldingneutralno02.mp3|fieldingneutralyes01.mp3|fieldingneutralyes02.mp3|fieldingneutralyes03.mp3|fieldingrequest.mp3" -acodec copy fielding.mp3
   ```

1. Generate new audio

1. Encode using ffmpeg, e.g.

   ```
   ffmpeg -i ~/Desktop/Your\ most\ valuable\ human\ 1.wav -codec:a libmp3lame -b:a 128k -ac 1 src/Assets/Sounds/Speech/English/Wonders/MarkovEclipse.mp3
   ```

1. Copy to src/ using the exact same path and filename as the game

   💡 To make this easier, in the filter box on SteamDB type `english/tech/tech` or `english/wonders/` to show only the files we want

   - Base game: https://steamdb.info/depot/65981/
   - Rising Tide: https://steamdb.info/depot/353830/

#### Arshia

TODO: no English audio

#### Barre (People's African Union)

```
ffmpeg -i "concat:barreattacked.mp3|barredeclarewar.mp3|barredefeated.mp3|barrehatehello.mp3|barrehateletshearit01.mp3|barrehateletshearit02.mp3|barrehateletshearit03.mp3|barrehateno02.mp3|barrehateno03.mp3|barrehateyes01.mp3|barrehateyes02.mp3|barrehateyes03.mp3|barreneutralletshearit03.mp3|barreneutralno02.mp3|barreneutralno03.mp3|barreneutralyes03.mp3|barrepeaceful.mp3|barrerequest.mp3" -acodec copy barre.mp3
```

#### Élodie

TODO: not enough English audio?

- elodiehateletshearit01.mp3
- elodieneutralno01.mp3

#### Fielding (ARC)

```
ffmpeg -i "concat:fieldingattacked.mp3|fieldinghatehello.mp3|fieldinghateletshearit01.mp3|fieldinghateletshearit02.mp3|fieldinghateletshearit03.mp3|fieldinghateno01.mp3|fieldinghateno02.mp3|fieldinghateno03.mp3|fieldinghateyes01.mp3|fieldingintro.mp3|fieldinglosewar.mp3|fieldingneutralhellob.mp3|fieldingneutralletshearit01.mp3|fieldingneutralletshearit02.mp3|fieldingneutralletshearit03.mp3|fieldingneutralno01.mp3|fieldingneutralno02.mp3|fieldingneutralyes01.mp3|fieldingneutralyes02.mp3|fieldingneutralyes03.mp3|fieldingrequest.mp3" -acodec copy fielding.mp3
```

#### Hughes

```
ffmpeg -i "concat:hughesattacked.mp3|hughesdeclarewar.mp3|hughesdefeated.mp3|hugheshatehello.mp3|hugheshateletshearit01.mp3|hugheshateletshearit02.mp3|hugheshateletshearit03.mp3|hugheshateno01.mp3|hugheshateno02.mp3|hugheshateno03.mp3|hugheshateyes01.mp3|hugheshateyes02.mp3|hugheshateyes03.mp3|hughesintro.mp3|hughesneutralhello.mp3|hughesneutralletshearit01.mp3|hughesneutralletshearit02.mp3|hughesneutralletshearit03.mp3|hughesneutralno01.mp3|hughesneutralno02.mp3|hughesneutralno03.mp3|hughesneutralyes01.mp3|hughesneutralyes02.mp3|hughesneutralyes03.mp3|hughespeaceful.mp3|hughesrequest.mp3" -acodec copy hughes.mp3
```

#### Hutama

```
ffmpeg -i "concat:hutamaattacked.mp3|hutamadeclarewar.mp3|hutamadefeated.mp3|hutamahateletshearit01.mp3|hutamahateletshearit02.mp3|hutamahateletshearit03.mp3|hutamahateno01.mp3|hutamahateno02.mp3|hutamahateno03.mp3|hutamahateyes01.mp3|hutamahateyes02.mp3|hutamahateyes03.mp3|hutamaneutralhello.mp3|hutamaneutralletshearit01.mp3|hutamaneutralletshearit02.mp3|hutamaneutralletshearit03.mp3|hutamaneutralno01.mp3|hutamaneutralno02.mp3|hutamaneutralno03.mp3|hutamaneutralyes01.mp3|hutamaneutralyes03.mp3|hutamapeaceful.mp3|hutamarequest.mp3" -acodec copy hutama.mp3
```

#### Kavitha

```
ffmpeg -i "concat:kavithaattacked.mp3|kavithadeclarewar.mp3|kavithadefeated.mp3|kavithahatehello.mp3|kavithahateletshearit01.mp3|kavithahateno02.mp3|kavithahateno03.mp3|kavithahateyes01.mp3|kavithahateyes02.mp3|kavithahateyes03.mp3|kavithaintro.mp3|kavithaneutralletshearit01.mp3|kavithaneutralletshearit02.mp3|kavithaneutralno02.mp3|kavithaneutralno03.mp3|kavithaneutralyes01.mp3|kavithaneutralyes02.mp3|kavithapeaceful.mp3" -acodec copy kavitha.mp3
```

#### Koslov

TODO: no English audio

#### Lena

TODO: no English audio

#### Moon

TODO: no English audio

#### Rejinaldo

TODO: no English audio

#### Sochua

TODO: no English audio
